upd readme (#3)
DevExpress-Examples/xaf-win-custom-button-in-lookup-property-editor: Readme.md

<!-- default badges list -->
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Open_in_DevExpress_Support_Center-FF7200?style=flat-square&logo=DevExpress&logoColor=white)](https://supportcenter.devexpress.com/ticket/details/E774)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/📖_How_to_use_DevExpress_Examples-e9f6fc?style=flat-square)](https://docs.devexpress.com/GeneralInformation/403183)
[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/💬_Leave_Feedback-feecdd?style=flat-square)](#does-this-example-address-your-development-requirementsobjectives)
<!-- default badges end -->

> # XAF WinForms - How to add a custom Edit button into LookupPropertyEditor

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# XAF WinForms - How to add a custom Edit button to LookupPropertyEditor
```

> This example creates [LookupPropertyEditor](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113572/business-model-design-orm/data-types-supported-by-built-in-editors/reference-foreign-key-complex-type-properties#lookuppropertyeditor-1) descendant with a custom Edit button.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This example creates a [LookupPropertyEditor](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113572/business-model-design-orm/data-types-supported-by-built-in-editors/reference-foreign-key-complex-type-properties#lookuppropertyeditor-1) descendant with a custom Edit button.
```

![image](https://github.com/DevExpress-Examples/XAF_how-to-add-a-custom-button-into-lookuppropertyeditor-to-edit-the-currently-selected-record-e774/assets/14300209/af3ac121-79d7-403d-9072-4e151cffd573)

## Implementation Details

Follow the steps below to add a custom button to LookupPropertyEditor:

1. Create a [LookupPropertyEditor](https://docs.devexpress.com/eXpressAppFramework/113572/business-model-design-orm/data-types-supported-by-built-in-editors/reference-foreign-key-complex-type-properties#lookuppropertyeditor-1) descendant ([MyLookupPropertyEditor.cs](CS/EFCore/LookUpButtonEF/LookUpButtonEF.Win/Editors/MyLookupPropertyEditor.cs)).

2. Access the [RepositoryItemLookupEdit](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemLookUpEdit) and use its settings to customize LookupPropertyEditor:

>     * Populate the [Buttons](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemButtonEdit.Buttons) collection with a custom button:

Reviewer: "Populate" implies that you are adding multiple buttons, but at the end of this sentence you say "a custom button" (singular).  
Also, is the colon at the end of this sentence a typo?

For example:

`Add a custom button to the [Buttons](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemButtonEdit.Buttons) collection.`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
    * Add a custom button to the [Buttons](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemButtonEdit.Buttons) collection.
```

>     * Subscribe to the [ButtonClick](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemButtonEdit.ButtonClick) event and implement custom logic in the event handler:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    * Subscribe to the [ButtonClick](https://docs.devexpress.com/WindowsForms/DevExpress.XtraEditors.Repository.RepositoryItemButtonEdit.ButtonClick) event and implement custom logic in the event handler.
```
